Lilla:= oplevelse?
1. fun, needed time to figure out what what did what, 
2. A bit wired not to have strings, but a cool conset, better than a pheremone
3.
4. reminds of a combination of "beatsch and bas", feels like something theyve tired before but electronic
5. Fun, inovative
6. Fun
8. Cool, a little bit difficult to see how to use it.
9. Interesting, diffrent in that is a computer making sounds and not ones own force
10. Invisible strings makes sense after being hinted, a bit difficult to understand but after that quite easy to use, also cool
11. Fun cool, interesting how it simmilar but still diffrent to clasical instruments, and inovative (Take a quote from here)

Blå:= Interaktion
1. A bit difficult to find where yo play, fun and nteresting to play with the finger or the palm to play bore strings at a time
2. Felt resopnsive but had issues finding the diffrent strings
3. Felt resopnsive, a few difficulties on how to press the bridge
4. Felt resopnsive, a bit wired to find the diffrent strings
5. Yes and no, a few areas felt less resopsive
6. 
8. Felt resopnsive
9. Resopnsive but a little slow, on the deeper end.
10. Flet resopnsive, a little wire on where the strings are
11. Low and high end felt responsive but the midder strings were a bit wired, A few times on the fretbored when more than one string was pressed donw it felt unresponsive

30% kunne ikke finde forskelige strænge

Orange:= Physical feedback
1. Felt the grooves on the bridge, nothing on the fretbored
2. Flet the grooves, vissualies the fretbored
3. Didn't notice any physical feedback
4. Didn't notice any physical feedback
5. Felt the grooves on the bridge, nothing on the fretbored
6. Flet the grooves, vissualies the fretbored
8. Didn't notice any physical feedback
9. Didn't notice any physical feedback, felt natural couse he plays bass
10. Flet the grooves, nothing on the fretbored
11. Didn't notice any physical feedback

Grøn:= Ergonomic
1. The size made it natural to hold as a guitar, a bit uncomfertable to make cords when its standing upright
2. Thught violin because of size, felt a little bit small, Would be a bit straning after a while to hold, 
3. Confused in the begining, but it makes sence how its sopouse to be held
4. Started holdng like i guitar/ukullele bc size, cello vibes, felt comfortable
5. Felt natural to hold between the legs
6. Though a like a bigger instument like guitar, and then a cello, was a blit difficult to hold between the legs (Sliped)
8. Size and shape reminded of guitar, flet comfortable and natural to hold between the lges
9. Shape and size remided of bass, 
10. Shape and size remined of guirat, felt confortable and natural to hold betwwen the lges, a bit wired when trying a few of the notes
11. Though the pink areas were more inportant, size reminded of guirat, felt fine between the legs, but got a bit of back pain because it was a little too small.

Tyrkis:= Audio
1. Kom nogen gange lidt ud af de blå MS
2. Ingen kommentarer MN
3. Meget fed lyd. MN
4. Lyder meget som et strenginstrument, men digitalt. MN
5. Lidt spacy og anderledes. Det var ret fedt. S
6. Rigtig gammeldags. Virker realistisk på nær at lyden looper. Naturlig. MN
7. Spøgelse
8. Lyder ikke forkert, men ikke en lyd de havde regnet med MS
9. Kunne godt høre forskel på lyde MN
10. Minder om en rigtig cello. Næsten som om det var prerecorded. N
11. Var naturligt, savner forskellige noter. N

Rød:= sammenligning med andre instrumenter
1. Helt klart sammenlignes med strengeinstrument.
2. Anderledes, ikke noget de havde set før.
3. Virker som et normalt strenginstrument
4. I formen minder det om bratchs eller violin, men meget anderledes stadig.
5. Ja, den er nem at spille på, og minder om rigtige instrumenter.
6. Ja, minder megt om
7. Spøgelse
8. 100% sammenhæng pog
9. Ja, de minder om hinanden
10. Minder om en rigtig cello. Næsten som om det var prerecorded.
11. 90% Cello

Oliven grøn := Hvor let at lære?
1. Ja
2. Prototype er svær, men final version vil være mærkant nemmere. Sammenligner med et klaver.
3. Ja. 
4. Ja. 
5. Ja og nej :)
6. Ja
7. Spøgelse
8. Nej. 
9. Ja.
10. Ja.
11. Nej.



